at last a warm sensitive touching story
about the close personal relationship
between a man and a woman between a
trucker and his dog Fred up stab Todd
picking you up again Fred
between a father and his son no way that
you could come from my loins and how
they all took to the road one day for
quiet little Drive in the country from
Georgia to Texas and back in 28 hours
flat with a truckload of bootleg beer
I'll be driving this payoff Locker doc
you'll be driving the truck this is
bandit one and that is hot Manitou now
who would do a thing like that
yeah you know ah yes
how much as you say it was pdf followed
on dollars Universal presents Burt
Reynolds Sally Field Jerry Reed and Fred
we go read after cook Tommy put it on
the back burner and last cook is out of
ten four
and the only thing that stands between
them and an $80,000 prize Jackie Gleason
is sheriff Buford T justice
I got a barbecue your man and I got a
smoker report for you got your handles
on my smokey bear and I'm tail grabbing
you
this is smokey and abandoned the story
about a lazy weekend in Alabama
Texas Mississippi Arkansas
giorgia
daddy the top came off no
we're gonna make it son we come in fine
we look when we say we gon do a job we
do a job it's me they're after they
don't even know Cletus no exist tell you
what we're going to smokey have
abandoned proving once and for all
it's not where you're going to counts
it's who the hell's in backup
and you're here he's